(upbeat music)
- [Narrator] So now it's time
for our next challenge exercise,
this time building a webpage.
The requirements of this challenge are as follows.
You are going to create a new page to show all guests
that we have in our system.
You are going to show the last name, the first name,
the email address, and the phone number in a table view,
much like we did for our room reservations.
You need to respond at /guests.
You need to have a controller, a view,
a model, and service injection.
Now, I'm going to recommend
that you keep the service injection the way it is today
and simply add a method
to get all guests in the system there.
That's traditionally how we might build such a system,
even though it's pass through,
but you are welcome to just inject the guest repository
if that is what you choose to do.
But, regardless,
I'll be back in the next video to show you my solution.